what's up guys I rock Apple here today
I'm going to be doing an unboxing of a
case for my MacBook Air I'm pretty sure
it's called what is called the
see-through Satan for the MacBook Air 11
inch so yeah I'm gonna click over here
and here's a box so it's a speck and
yeah let's get into some boxing I'm
pretty sure it's yeah actually it's 50
bucks
appreciate the shell case they snap on
to be actual product snap it on to ride
me guys like this just came out for the
MacBook Air there it is
oh here is be see-through Satan you can
see on the front touch me it's kind of
like it's a soft touch you can feel it
that's actually really cool packaging
kinda has a cutout where the computer is
oh yeah see through Satan's soft touch
hard showcase um spice spec for the
MacBook Air 11 and yeah this is the back
you just it just shows you some sort of
instruction there you go so so here you
have it it's the - you know like it's
actually Wow I thought it was gonna be
like rock hard it's actually kind of
flimsy um it's the two for the top and
for the bottom the two hardshell
soft-touch case is black it looks really
nice it has the own rubber padding's
rubber you know things so here I have
the MacBook Air and here's the case so
let's do the bottom first by just I
think just like that well just that was
like a once those like a one snap I just
heard that's about it
Wow and then the top
yeah this one you kinda have to go all
around and push it down Oh
on the bottom two it looks like you
might have to go around and push it down
a little bit
wow that is sick so look at that look at
that guys that is just a sick looking
case right there um it literally adds no
bulk to the case literally I mean I'm
sure it's like the tiniest amount and
the soft touch isn't gonna pick up any
dirt it doesn't look like no on the rug
it doesn't pick up really any dirt at
all it's like the very mild self touch
and yeah it looks really cool here the
pads definitely I'm glad I got this with
a brand new MacBook Air because I didn't
want to you know ruin the rubber pads
the actual ones so now I actually have
my own artificial ones so here I also
hear that they level out the the case so
that opening up the top of the macbook
air won't ever you know lift up like
because that happens in times since
sometimes the the top and the bottom
kind of aren't level so while opening up
the top this will kind of flip back cuz
it's such a light computer they kind of
leveled that out which is really good
here um yeah it looks it looks actually
really nice really happy um yeah it's
definitely it's gonna keep your Kate
your computer really nice really good
and good quality and everything and
taking it off I'm pretty sure will be
real easy 50 bucks on spec comm don't
know any other places to have it but
yeah that's about it brand new looking
forward to using it alright guys that
was I rock a pool
be sure subscribe check out my giveaway
that's about it peace